Welcome to the LiteSpeed Web Cache Manager user-end cPanel plugin's 'lang/cust'
directory. This directory will contain any custom translations you would like
to use with the LiteSpeed Web Cache Manager user-end cPanel plugin.

This file will now explain how to provide your own custom translations for this
plugin based on the language selected in a user's cPanel dashboard.

1) Choose a cPanel locale to provide translations for. A full list of available
locales can be found through WHM under

Home >> Locales >> View Available Locales

2) Once a locale has been chosen, create a directory under this plugin's
'lang/cust' directory for that locale using the same name as the locale. Then
create an 'en_US' directory under that, and an 'LC_MESSAGES' directory under the
'en_US' directory.

Using French as an example (cPanel locale 'fr') our directory structure would look
like:

lang/
-cust/
--fr/
---en_US/
----LC_MESSAGES/

Note: The 'en_US' directory exists as a workaround for linux systems that may not
contain certain locales, as it is commonly installed on most systems. If you
are running into issues getting your translations to appear, please make sure
that the 'en_US.utf8' locale is installed on your system.

Note: As long as the 'lang/cust/fr' directory exists, this directory will always be
used when looking for translation files, regardless of wheather or not any
exist. If you would like to go back to checking the official translation
directory under 'lang', you must remove/rename the 'cust' locale directory.

3) Generate a 'messages.po' file for your desired language based on the
'messages.pot' file provided under the 'lang' directory, or copy the 'messages.po' file
for your locale if it has already been officially provided under the 'lang'
directory.

4) Update the generated 'messages.po' file with any new translations. You should
also update the 'messages.po' file header info if you have not already.

5) Generate a 'messages.mo' file based on your updated 'messages.po' file and place
both the 'messages.po' and 'messages.mo' files under the custom 'LC_MESSAGES'
directory created earlier.

6) Visit the LiteSpeed user-end cPanel plugin through a cPanel dashboard and
confirm that your translations are appearing.

CAUTION: Any custom translation files will be lost upon uninstalling the
LiteSpeed Web Cache Manager user-end cPanel plugin. Please keep a copy of any
custom translation files elsewhere to prevent loosing these files.

That should be all that is required to begin using custom translations with the
LiteSpeed user-end cPanel plugin.

If you would like to have your custom translations included as official
translations in future versions of the LiteSpeed Web Cache Manager user-end
cPanel plugin, or have updates for exisitng official translations, please send
an email including the locale and both 'messages.po' and 'messages.mo' files to
info@litespeedtech.com.